README.md, before:


# arxiv-sanity-lite


**(WIP)**

A much lighter-weight arxiv-sanity re-write. Currently only runs locally on a single machine and doesn't actually exist as a website on the internet. However, the code is currently in a semi "feature-complete" state in the sense that I can personally run it locally on my computer and find it helpful to me. Basically I find the papers that look good and use the UI to tag them under any category of interest. Then the code recommends other similar papers for each tag based on SVM on tfidf vectors constructed from abstracts. So that's pretty cool, and may be useful to you as well!

That said, the code was written quick & dirty style, so one currently has to read it and you're on your own wrt any support. But I hope to make it good and host it publicly in the future, deprecating the current bloated arxiv-sanity in favor of this format.


#### To run

- Periodically run arxiv_daemon.py to add recent papers from arxiv to the database.
- Then run compute.py to calculate tfidf features on the paper abstracts and save those to database.
- Finally run serve.py to start the server and access the frontend layer over the data, e.g.: `export FLASK_APP=serve.py; flask run`.


#### License

MIT

Commit message:

add a screenshot and rearrange the readme a bit

README.md, after:


# arxiv-sanity-lite


**(WIP)**

A much lighter-weight arxiv-sanity re-write. Currently runs only locally and doesn't exist as a website on the internet. However, the code is in a semi "feature-complete" state in the sense that you can look through arxiv papers, tag any of them arbitrarily, and then arxiv-sanity-lite recommends similar papers for each tag based on SVM on tfidf vectors constructed from the paper abstracts. So that's pretty cool, I find this personally plenty useful already, and it may be useful to you as well!

I hope to make this good over time and once it's ready to also host it publicly, deprecating the current bloated arxiv-sanity in favor of this new format. The biggest remaining todo's are adding user accounts and making everything nicer, faster, and more scalable as the number of papers in the database grows.

![Screenshot](screenshot.jpg)

#### To run

- (Periodically) run arxiv_daemon.py to add recent papers from arxiv to the database.
- Then run compute.py to re-calculate tfidf features on the paper abstracts and save those to database.
- Finally run serve.py to start the server and access the frontend layer over the data, e.g.: `export FLASK_APP=serve.py; flask run`.


#### License

MIT
